I have a kind of silly example
that I'll show you really quickly.
That's a little weather
notifier that will end on.
So if I have this like little weather
notifier I can make a drizzle apocalypse.
And then I say, okay, thank you.
And then I can make a weather
notification, what a windy day,
okay, thanks.
And then I say here comes the sun.
[NOISE] And then I can make a tornado.
[NOISE] Okay, thanks.
And then actually if I press it again it
loops right back around to the first one.
We can use vuex and CodePen if we like or
just with a script tag.
We don't have to use it
in an application and
I'm gonna show you just a little bit of
this and not go into too many details.
Okay, so what we have inside this
pen is a store with the state.
And what we have is the show
weather which is false.
And what we're gonna do is we're gonna
toggle it when we want to see the weather.
We're also gonna say that the template,
we're gonna number some templates, and
we're gonna use that component is and
we're gonna say template is zero.
And we're gonna say,
if toggling the state,
as, we have this mutation where we have
a toggle, where we toggle that state.show
whether, we also update the template
by saying, keep advancing
until you get to the fourth one and
then go back to the first one using a mod.
And while you're doing that,
please toggle as well, cool.
Like I mentioned before we have that
app that's a whole ecommerce site, and
that has a vuex store in it, where we're
doing all sorts of this kind of logic.
And if you wanted to see a kind of
a bigger example, you could go in here and
see how we have these mutations,
how we're committing an action if
we're actually reaching out to a function,
a serverless function as well.
So if you wanted to see an example
that uses a vuex store and
kind of doles out information
to multiple components.
Congratulations, you learned so
much today.
We went through [LAUGH] directives,
we went through methods computed watchers.
We talked about animation,
we talked about the composition API,
w e talked about creating
our own custom directives.
We did so many things, we built apps with
ViewCLI and next we learned about ViewX.
You should be really proud of
yourself if you got to this point
because we covered so much ground and
it was really truly an honor to be here
because I love talking about view and
I love being here on front end masters,
I think it's an amazing platform.
If you need further resources,
the vue docs are a great resource.
We try to cover everything and
kind of human readable english
like we're talking to you.
We have the vue repo, if you want to kind
of go through the code we did a lot in
that reactivity section where
we talked about the code base,
maybe you want to check it out.
There's the nuxt docs, the vuex docs.
There's this really cool GitHub
repo called awesome view
that has a collection of men,
just so many resources,
if you wanted to dive in and
find a million resources for learning vue,
or cookbook entries and things like that,
that's available to you there.
There's also a vue newsletter.
And what's unique about the vue newsletter
is Damian who writes the vue newsletter is
on the vue core team.
So really these updates that
are put into the vuew newsletter
are really important updates.
They're the things that we all agree on
are like the things that we need to be
talking about the most.
So if you wanted to keep
up to date with vue and
no more, this is a great way of doing
that, you can subscribe to that.
Thank you so much for being here today.